c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\DameUnaIP.dll.config
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\DameUnaIP.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\DameUnaIP.pdb
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.dll
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.pdb
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.Migrations.Initial.resources
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.Migrations.doublecheck.resources
c:\users\julioar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\DameUnaIP.dll.config
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\DameUnaIP.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\DameUnaIP.pdb
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.Migrations.doublecheck.resources
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.pdb
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\DameUnaIP.dll.config
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\DameUnaIP.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\DameUnaIP.pdb
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.Migrations.doublecheck.resources
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.Migrations.KeepItUpdated.resources
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.dll
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.pdb
C:\Users\julioar\Documents\FOX\Code\DameUnaIP\DameUnaIP\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\DameUnaIP.dll.config
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\DameUnaIP.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\DameUnaIP.pdb
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Owin.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\WebGrease.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.dll
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.pdb
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.Migrations.Initial.resources
V:\Source\DameUnaIp\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\DameUnaIP.dll.config
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\DameUnaIP.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\DameUnaIP.pdb
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.dll
C:\Users\Julio\Desktop\DameUnaIp\obj\Debug\DameUnaIP.pdb
